I started by studying the heat equation to try to come up with a relationship that relates A, the surface area of the bottle, V, the volume of the bottle, x, the wall thickness and lambda, the thermal conductivity of the insulation material, with the time that the vaccines are maintained between 2 and 8 degrees. The first equation on this slide is what I came up with. From Kitty's, our sponsor's, field trials we know that the Smile stays cold for around 5 days which is around 120 hours. From measuring the Smile we can determine that its insulation is approximately 5cm thick, and we know that the ice pack contains 2.5 L of water. Our Miniature Smile, is designed for much shorter journeys than the original Smile, and so we know that a cold time of only 24 hours would be suffuicient. The Miniature Smile is built around a 1 L ice pack, we assume that the thermal conductivity of the insulation will be unchanged, and we estimate through the scaling of similar shapes that the surface area of the Miniature Smile's ice pack will be 54% of that of the original Smile. By substituing these values into the first equation on this slide we obtain that the insulation thickness needed for the Miniature Smile, denoted as x_2, will be at least 2.6 cm.

NEXT SLIDE

Using the information gathered from the thermal analysis that the insulation thickness will need to be around 2.6cm, I then moved on to perform a mass analysis to guage how heavy the Miniature Smile will be. I came up with the first equation as as providing a reasonable approximation to the mass of the Smile, where all the symbols mean the same as for the thermal analysis. m_empty is the mass of the box with the ice pack empty, rho_m is the approximate density of the smile excluding the water in the ice pack, and rho_w is the density of water. rho_m is calculated by using a thin-wall assumption that the volume of the box excluding the water will be the insulation thickness multiplied by the surface area of the bottl, shown on the slide as the second equation. Although crude, I determined that this was a sufficiently accurate method given the approximate nature of the calculation. Calculating variables in the same way as for the thermal analysis, and weighing the Smile to obtain its mass as 3.5 kg, it is calculated that the Miniature Smile will have an empty weight of around 1kg and a full weight of around 2kg. This makes it significantly lighter, and thus significantly more portable, than the original Smile.
