Fill in on group wiki page: Statement about project management, explain the team work strategy. Reflect on what worked and what didn’t work, drawing constructive recommendations where possible. ~500 words, included in the webapge, git repo or github wiki.

We started the project by identifying the strengths and weaknesses of the members of our group. We found that we all had similar interests in mechanical engineering and design, as well as similar skillsets, having mainly taken overlapping modules. This led us to work collaboratively at the start of the project, working as a group to identify a project proposal and work that needed to be done to reach that endpoint. On reflection, this style of working was good to have at the beginning of the project as it ensured that we were on the same page with regards to the direction we wanted the project to go in. In future, perhaps working as closely as we did was not neccessary and maybe we would have been more productive if we had allocated some of this work to complete individually. Overall, however, I think that the strategy we employed worked well.

As we became more deeply involved with the project the amount of work that was allocated to be completed individually increased. This was because we thought that by focussing our concentration on specific aspects of the project we would increase our productivity and make more progress on the project. At this stage the scope of the project was very well defined, having worked collaboratively for the first part of the project, and as such we were able to complete this individual work without any misunderstandings in what we were each expected to do. At this stage of the project Daniel was tasked with performing a high-level thermal analysis, a high-level mass analysis, and creating a protoype of the Miniature Smile along with a pair of prototype straps so that the Miniature Smile could be mounted on the user's back for transportation. Olivia was tasked with completing an in-depth thermal analysis of both the original Smile and the Minituare Smile, using the design parameters found extracted from Daniel's high-level thermal analysis. Caio completed some more market research to furtehr pinpoint the market we were targeting, and also started worked on making a modular carousel which could be used in both the original and Miniature Smile. What went well was that we were each able to make good progress into the areas we had been assigned, however the individual nature of the work we had performed at this stage became clear at the Interim Presentation when we struggled to tie together the work we had done. Perhaps it would have been better if we'd scheduled more frequent catch-up meetings to discuss how all the work ties together so that we had a more coherent project for the Interim Presentation.
